Department of Commerce Office of Human Resources Management

To develop and manage value-added human resources policies and programs, and provide expert consultation, services and solutions in an efficient and customer-focused manner; and to provide our employees with the tools necessary to meet our customers' needs. We are committed to the fair selection and development of our diverse workforce.

Southwest Airlines

We are committed to provide our employees a stable work environment with equal opportunity for learning and personal growth. Creativity and innovation are encouraged for improving the effectiveness of Southwest Airlines. Above all, employees will be provided the same concern, respect, and caring attitude within the organization that they are expected to share externally with every Southwest Customer.

University of Maryland, Baltimore County

The mission of the Department of Human Resources is to offer consistent, comprehensive, and cooperative services by a competent, courteous staff.

 

Sample 1

In support of our company's principles, values, vision and mission, it is the mission of human resources to support the total operation in meeting its goals through its most valuable resource—its PEOPLE.

It is our mission to:

Develop an attitude of teamwork and quality in our day-to-day operations.

Create an atmosphere that fosters challenges, fun, safety and cleanliness.

Seize opportunities that demonstrate excellent execution, a caring attitude and a sense of urgency.

Reduce waste by vigorously pursuing continuous improvement activities.

Commit to doing and to acting openly, equitably and consistently in our pursuit of uncompromising quality.

Increase participation in company and community activities while seeking knowledge, enthusiasm and an improved quality of life for ourselves, our co-workers and the community.

Respect team member values that may be different from our own.

Accept responsibility for promoting ethical and legal conduct in personal and business practices.

Communicate in a candid and fair manner with the diverse workforce from whom our company derives its strength.

 

Sample 2

Human resources will take a leadership role and provide service in support of [Company Name]'s vision by promoting the concept that our employees are our most valuable resource and will be treated as such.

The human resources department will act as a catalyst to enable all [Company Name] employees to contribute at optimum levels toward the success of the business and [Company Name].

We will do this by:

Ensuring that human resources department staff are given the tools, training and motivation to operate in the most efficient and effective manner.
Promoting and recruiting the best-qualified people, and recognizing and encouraging the value of diversity in the workplace.
Providing a competitive salary and benefits package and developing the full potential of our workforce by providing training and development for career enhancement.
Providing a work atmosphere that is safe, healthy and secure, as well as conscious of long-term family and community goals.
Establishing, administering and effectively communicating sound policies, rules and practices that treat employees with dignity and equality while maintaining company compliance with employment and labor laws, corporate directives, and labor agreements.
Sample 3

It is the mission of the human resources department to provide the following quality services to the employees of [Company Name]:

Recruitment of qualified individuals.
Retention of valuable employees.
Training, development and education to promote individual success and increase overall value to the organization.
A safe and healthful working environment.
Inspiration and encouragement for a high level of employee morale through recognition, effective communication and constant feedback.
Resources for administering benefits, policies and procedures.
These services are achieved through a teamwork philosophy that is inspired through effective organizational skills, proactive efforts, and a balance between professionalism and the ability to have fun!

Sample 4

We are strategic partners in building [Company Name]'s businesses by maximizing the value of human capital and aligning it with company initiatives, values, strategies and the needs of all stakeholders.

Sample 5

The mission of the human resources department is to support the goals and challenges of [Company Name] by providing services that promote a work environment that is characterized by fair treatment of staff, open communications, personal accountability, trust and mutual respect. We will seek and provide solutions to workplace issues that support and optimize the operating principles of the organization.

Sample 6

The human resources department is dedicated to partnering with [Company Name] business units to maximize the potential of our greatest asset—our employees. We embrace change and the opportunity it brings. We are focused on delivering quality customer service and are committed to recruiting, developing, rewarding and retaining our global workforce.

Sample 7

It is the mission of the human resources department to provide effective human resource management by developing and implementing policies, programs and services that contribute to the attainment of corporate and employee goals by:

Properly balancing the needs of the employees and the needs of the company.
Ensuring a diverse workforce in a safe and discrimination- and harassment-free environment by maintaining compliance with employment laws and government regulations, providing management and employee training, and developing policies and procedures.
Providing training and development in areas of effective leadership and career development of employees, employment law and government regulation, and litigation avoidance.
Hiring the most-qualified employees by preplanning staffing needs, ensuring an effective internal interview process, increasing company visibility in the employment marketplace, identifying the best and most cost-effective recruitment sources, and conducting thorough reference checks.
Retaining our valued employees by assuring effective leadership qualities in our managers; providing competitive wages and benefits; furnishing technical, interpersonal and career development training and coaching; conducting exit interviews and supplying relevant feedback to management; and enhancing two-way communication between employees and management.
Sample 8

It is the mission of the human resources department to develop, implement and support programs and processes that add value to [Company Name] and its employees, leading to improved employee welfare, empowerment, growth and retention, while remaining committed to [Company Name]'s key business drivers, its management and prosperity for its customers, employees and shareholders.